Galaxy A20: Hey,
Serenna Beers: How are ya.
Serenna Beers: It's nice to finally meet meet you
Right.
Serenna Beers: So how are you today.
Galaxy A20: I'm good.
Galaxy A20: I'm still a week but
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Yeah. Were you did you have like the flu or was it something else. Because I remember seeing some messages from the doctor and I wasn't sure if it was mental health more if it was like physical or it was a little bit of both.
Galaxy A20: It was, it was the withdrawals, he had told me before, but I thought I was sick at the time.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, one of the Boston it to me.
Galaxy A20: Man.
Serenna Beers: I'm so sorry. That's the worst. I apologize that I'm glad to hear that you feel a little bit better though.
Galaxy A20: Yes, I'm glad.
Just
Serenna Beers: The little things right.
Serenna Beers: Well, I'm I know I'm going to be your therapist. So I know we need to get your bio site bio psychosocial done and then if if you're fine with it. I'd like to set up.
Serenna Beers: A time for you and I to meet every single week, just to check in, so I can see how you're doing and check on and see what things you're working on anything you want to work on. What do you think about that.
Serenna Beers: I think you froze.
Serenna Beers: Are you there.
Serenna Beers: Sonia.
Serenna Beers: Hi there.
Steve Holtsford: Sorry, sorry about that.
Serenna Beers: That's okay. I lost her. I don't know if you were coming into me with us, but I don't know what the
Serenna Beers: heck happened. Let me see if I can't. Haha. She froze and then
Serenna Beers: She disappeared. Yeah.
Steve Holtsford: Yeah we I had, I had a tough time last week to with her.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, was
Steve Holtsford: In and out.
Serenna Beers: She said that she's starting to feel a little bit better. She was doing her hair and kind of moving around a lot.
Serenna Beers: But, uh, I asked her, I said, You know, I would I would really like to meet with you every single week, you know, even if it's just for us to just
Serenna Beers: Check, check in and and we can just work on some things you know every single weekend and it's good, it's just good to help you kind of stay in engaged.
Serenna Beers: And that's when it froze. So
Serenna Beers: Hopefully she will join back up again.
Steve Holtsford: Right. Yes.
Steve Holtsford: I have not been able to successfully text her
Serenna Beers: Really
Yeah.
Steve Holtsford: I mean, they
Steve Holtsford: The texts go but she's never responded
Serenna Beers: Do you think it's. Do you think it's a
Serenna Beers: Learning Disability at all, or do you think
Steve Holtsford: She, she told me that she texts. I talked to her night before last, or maybe it was last night.
Steve Holtsford: And I said, I said, please be sure, first of all, I asked her, you know, does your phone, text and she's like yeah yeah I text. And then I said, Be sure your phone is charged and close to you and the volumes up because we're going to want to get ahold of you. And she said, okay, okay.
Serenna Beers: Yeah. And I, and I felt bad because she had come to the session late yesterday and I had another gal while my
Serenna Beers: caseload is rant ramping up I kinda was like trying to help out with a couple of folks that were in crisis. And so when I had one gal in the waiting room and they I guess we're struggling with being able to get her to stay stay in the stay in the room.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, so I don't know if it's her area or what, but is there anything
Serenna Beers: Specifically when we do get in touch with her that you want me to hone in on
Steve Holtsford: Well I, I just think
Serenna Beers: Oh, there she is.
Steve Holtsford: Oh, good.
Serenna Beers: let's admit her. Okay.
Galaxy A20: I'm sorry, that was my landlord. I had to talk to him.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Well we joined the doc, too. So you have. So you have double double help here.
Galaxy A20: Hey Steve,
Steve Holtsford: How you doing,
I'm
Steve Holtsford: Oh,
Steve Holtsford: Good, good. You still got your hospital bracelet on
Galaxy A20: The way well
Steve Holtsford: Well, have you been taking your medicine.
Steve Holtsford: Yeah, okay.
Galaxy A20: Well, I'm just do we get the time, but I've been taking it.
Steve Holtsford: Or how many times a day.
Galaxy A20: Just rice.
Steve Holtsford: Twice. Very good. Okay.
Galaxy A20: You may take you no more than supposed to
Steve Holtsford: Okay, all right, but
Steve Holtsford: But that being said,
Steve Holtsford: If, if you don't feel well if you still feel like if you withdrawal symptoms and this is, you know, it takes a while for it to really work. But if you still feel bad. You need to reach out to me and and because your dose is not huge. We can go up if we need to.
Galaxy A20: Oh, okay.
Steve Holtsford: Go ahead. Yeah.
Steve Holtsford: How's how's your stomach or you're still trust.
Galaxy A20: Well, I'm so glad it. No, no, Mo.
Steve Holtsford: Oh, good.
Whoo.
Galaxy A20: I want to kill myself.
Steve Holtsford: No.
Galaxy A20: I don't want
Galaxy A20: My stomach.
Serenna Beers: That's miserable. I'm glad it doesn't hurt like that now.
Galaxy A20: No, I don't.
Galaxy A20: I'm trying to cut my hair slow because I know every time I talk to my Hell was Mr.
Galaxy A20: To it.
Serenna Beers: That's the great thing about a meeting like this, you can really come as you are.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, they say that
Galaxy A20: But that y'all want to just look at nobody a yo hell tool, you know,
Galaxy A20: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: So what are you thinking as far as like, well, let me let me, let me just ask you and and maybe you already know this.
Serenna Beers: Doctor, but what about what brought you to bright to bright heart health, what brought you to to us and why and why now.
Galaxy A20: What brung me there.
Galaxy A20: Mm hmm. Well, I will, I will come on self detaches again is when they hit his paper. Tell me about show. So I sat call ya'll. The see if it works for me.
Okay. Mm hmm.
Serenna Beers: How long have you been addicted to substances like where did it. Where did it start when about what age were
Serenna Beers: Our first first exposed to it.
Galaxy A20: I was exposed to. I was 18 years old. I'm 49 years old. I've been doing this for
Galaxy A20: Over 30 years. Okay. Yes. So that's probably why it's taken a little longer for me to get where
Galaxy A20: You know, that's the only thing I could see. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Can you share with me what you use maybe mostly and then at what point in your life. I mean, I know you said that you have a about a 30 year time span, but
Serenna Beers: When do you think it. It was the absolute worst. Is it just recently, or maybe, was it a few years ago that you said wow I I really need help.
Galaxy A20: Well, well, I need to help before this was some years ago.
Galaxy A20: Can I get
Galaxy A20: Dad gave me some methadone.
Galaxy A20: But when I get to this place or L here, they wouldn't even let them transform up my program over here. So that made me get back on the drug.
Galaxy A20: I wasn't doing drugs and I was doing good out there, right, you know, and soon as I got here because my husband had to come out here because he was locked up in and his parole out here. So, you know, but he, my husband. I got to know
Galaxy A20: Know how to do. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Do you have any chronic pain that you deal with
Galaxy A20: The only thing I got a weak stomach. That's all that is
Serenna Beers: Okay. Yes. And do you think, I mean, would you, if you had to guess for yourself, would you contribute that to the years that you've used substances and it's kind of just made maybe tore your stomach up
Serenna Beers: Or is it something that's generated when you were little, or maybe in your 20s or what do you think
Galaxy A20: So, no, I'm not the show.
Galaxy A20: Not
Serenna Beers: Okay, that's all right and and you know these questions I'm honestly going to try to keep it as light as I can because world is so heavy as it is.
Serenna Beers: Maybe I'll throw a face in every question or so to make you smile.
Serenna Beers: But these are just stuff that we need to to know because honestly, I mean, without knowing a little bit about you, it's difficult for me and for the doc to say how is it that we're going to best
Serenna Beers: Help you. And because it's a team effort. You know, it's just, it's really great to hear from you what your perspective is on how you think that you came to be at this point in your life where
Serenna Beers: Basically addiction, has one all of these years and now you want to take your life back and and and that's what what we want to help you do. Okay.
Galaxy A20: And that's the you're working with.
Galaxy A20: And I'm so I'm, I'm proud of it. Yeah. Yeah. Good.
Serenna Beers: Tell me about, do you have any History Prior to bright heart health. I remember you saying that you were in a program, but was it for substance abuse, was it for mental health, was it for both. And I don't have to have exact dates but maybe just around about
Galaxy A20: how old I was
Serenna Beers: Yeah, like that. The first time that you
Galaxy A20: Know the photo i into a methadone program. I was in my 20s.
Serenna Beers: Okay, yes, but
Galaxy A20: I haven't been in a program about three or four times.
Serenna Beers: Okay, just kind of
Serenna Beers: Go back and forth on and then off again.
Galaxy A20: Yes. Okay, the first time.
Galaxy A20: It happened, you know,
Galaxy A20: You we young and we don't met
Serenna Beers: Her
Galaxy A20: I was very dumb at the tab and all my friends. Did you know so my damage did too.
Galaxy A20: That's that's bad.
Steve Holtsford: As
Steve Holtsford: Sonia. Where did you grow up.
Steve Holtsford: Were you raised. Were you raised in the Quad Cities or
Galaxy A20: Chicago. Chicago
Serenna Beers: The Windy City.
Yeah.
Galaxy A20: Any drug. Yeah.
Galaxy A20: Yeah. But then the second time I had went to the program.
Galaxy A20: I
Galaxy A20: Think it's a bit in my 30s. I went about hotel. So I think I did.
Galaxy A20: Like I was I was 30 I was 20 and I think I was 30
Galaxy A20: And 40 okay
Galaxy A20: And and the last time I was doing real good a thought about, no nothing. When I was out of my kids, my kids and I, you know, my husband. Now here, so I'm just trying to wait to his parole logo and maybe we can figure out something but anyway.
Galaxy A20: As I came out here.
Galaxy A20: My doctor out there did everything he could out here and God put me on the program and I can, and it's worse to get off of methadone or anything day
Galaxy A20: So I hit in the back on dope.
Galaxy A20: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Well, I'm certainly
Serenna Beers: Glad that you're back.
Serenna Beers: That you're back and you're ready to work because I can, I can actually hear. I don't know if this is the right word, but maybe this will resonate. I hear the desperation in your voice for a better life that's I genuinely authentically hear that and that's
Serenna Beers: It warms it warms my heart. I love it when
Serenna Beers: A person wants this so bad that they're willing to do anything. That's a beautiful thing right right there. And I just want to validate that.
Galaxy A20: Yeah.
Galaxy A20: Because you know my my peers. They tell tell me on owners drove myself. Sure. They want me to be out there with you know why me and now I can't go. I can't go nowhere unless I have that I get the habit.
Galaxy A20: I'm just tired.
Yeah.
Galaxy A20: I'm very tired.
Serenna Beers: Do you have a history of suicidal ideation. Do you ever have thoughts of wanting to harm yourself or wanting to harm another person.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, oh one time and that was the other day half
Serenna Beers: Okay, because you are in so much pain. So it's almost like a situational thing. I mean, do you really think that you
Serenna Beers: Was it more of an ideation or was it more of like in the moment. Oh my gosh, this is so awful. I just want it to end. Was it kind of like a fleeting thought
Galaxy A20: Well, I even told my husband. Please kill me, please.
Serenna Beers: Well, I'm glad that he didn't
Serenna Beers: I'm just kind of trying to be funny on a not so funny thing.
Serenna Beers: Tell me.
Serenna Beers: Tell me what your life was like
Serenna Beers: Growing up, tell me about, like, were you adopted. Were you raised with both mom and dad with mom and stepdad with step dad and step mom. Do you have brothers and sisters. Tell me about what you were like when you were younger.
Galaxy A20: Okay. As I was growing up, my mama de yo. She was 39 years old was she was dead. Well, she O. D. Okay. And that's probably me and my sister. That's probably where we draw now they say sometimes some pitches come from your family.
You know,
Galaxy A20: So my father dad before my mom. So we didn't have nobody so I that's why I built my own
Galaxy A20: I built my own and I took him out here. I don't can draw in any make no I mean whatever the image to market was right.
Galaxy A20: You know, and they love me for that.
Galaxy A20: So,
Galaxy A20: I grew up with them. Yeah.
Galaxy A20: How many
Serenna Beers: Kids. How many kids.
Galaxy A20: Do I have eight
Serenna Beers: Eight boys, girls three boys five girls but
Galaxy A20: Bad girls and three boys.
Serenna Beers: Oh, wow.
Serenna Beers: Very, very cool.
Serenna Beers: Give me. What's the oldest one. And what's the youngest one age wise.
Galaxy A20: Oh this work. I think she she she 33 okay she just she just made 33, am I
Galaxy A20: Right. Well, I had three behind each other. So the other would be 30 to 131 so and then I spaced, it just a couple of years. My so i think he let me see. He is
Galaxy A20: Unfolding so he got to be 29
Galaxy A20: Yeah etonian I hear my baby girl. She turned to
Galaxy A20: Me and I got
Galaxy A20: 18 yo, and my baby at 16 where he just made something up again. He just made 17 January. Okay. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Does he live with, but you
Galaxy A20: Know they all stand I will
Serenna Beers: Okay, Iowa. Wow. Okay.
Serenna Beers: I know you mentioned that your mom and dad both were involved in substances, but was there any other type of like
Serenna Beers: Addictions like gambling was there sex addiction food addiction. Any other mental mental mental health things that, you know, or experienced
Galaxy A20: We're only know that all my father, said Uncle somebody slip slip something he's drinking. He was meant to my daddy. You know, I don't think he ever did hara. It is a male's though I do know that
Galaxy A20: I was very young, but I know he did something
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: What about for you, besides the heroin. Is there anything else that you struggle with. Do you struggle with any other types of addictions gambling sex addiction food addiction shopping, anything like that.
Galaxy A20: No.
Serenna Beers: Well that's good to
Galaxy A20: Know what I used to. I used to love cocaine addict, but only won't get normal
Galaxy A20: Okay, so
Serenna Beers: That's a good thing.
Galaxy A20: Yes, that's what I'm saying. I'm I'm dropping everything. They'll slowly AB test for me leaders alone. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: How far did you make it in school.
Galaxy A20: Well, well, I was pregnant with my third child and only have a couple of moments ago.
Galaxy A20: And I have a you do
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Well, you know, it's never too late. I didn't go back to school, till I was 36
Serenna Beers: So I'm just letting you know it's never too late, you know,
Serenna Beers: If you want to. I'm just saying. You don't have to be a young and in your 20s, so many people are going back, you know, so I'm just saying that's definitely something that if you ever wanted to do. There is a way, you know,
Serenna Beers: What about did you ever struggle with learning disabilities at all while you were in school.
Galaxy A20: No, you know what, I was very smart. When I was in school. I was very smart. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Were there any events that stood out as you were growing up, like any specific events that actually that you find yourself every so often, they, they, it comes across either as an
Serenna Beers: Intrusive memory or a flashback. But do you have any events, growing up that really stand stand out that cause you a lot of a lot of pain.
Galaxy A20: Well, no, no.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: No.
Galaxy A20: No, no.
Serenna Beers: Okay. And this is a question I have to ask to have you ever served in the military.
Serenna Beers: No. Okay. And do you have any financial or legal issues that you are concerned about at all.
Galaxy A20: No, not really can be used.
Galaxy A20: But they come alone now.
Good.
Serenna Beers: And you mentioned that you're married. So you are in a relationship, you shared with me about your kids. So at this point, it's just you and your
Serenna Beers: Your her husband that live together right
Serenna Beers: Yeah, okay.
Serenna Beers: I'm
Galaxy A20: Not getting home in your program to
Galaxy A20: Because now I know if he do it on my end up doing.
Serenna Beers: Ah, OK.
Galaxy A20: So we'll try to get him in your program to
Serenna Beers: Yeah. Is he interested in trying to call is he interested in re reaching out
Galaxy A20: Well, not at the term here, but I'm America. I'm gonna make
Galaxy A20: It. I'm gonna make me food.
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm.
Galaxy A20: Yeah.
Galaxy A20: So we can do this together. No.
Serenna Beers: I just want to go back a little ways because what I really liked is when you talked about your kids and everything when you were
Serenna Beers: Sharing about how this has been really hard for you. It sounded to me like this time versus other times you really want to do this for you. And it has to be that that way for him to. I mean, you know, you have to want to do it for yourself.
Serenna Beers: In order
Serenna Beers: To sustain it. Because to want to do it for someone else. You know it's you always end up going back because it really needs to be you ultimately that makes that choice.
Galaxy A20: Right.
Serenna Beers: So that saying you can lead a horse to water, but you can't make them drink.
Serenna Beers: There's a piece of that that I like to share with folks that I added that I think makes sense. You can make a thirsty though.
Serenna Beers: So you can make him thirsty by him to seeing what you're doing and that you are getting joy out of this and you are making something
Serenna Beers: Better than it was. And maybe he'll see that light and he'll want it. You know what I mean, lead by example. So maybe you just do you and he'll come alongside because he's saying, wow.
Serenna Beers: Some reason. She sure is smiling a lot
Galaxy A20: And I'm doing what I'm supposed to do. Yeah.
Yeah.
Galaxy A20: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Just something to think about.
Galaxy A20: Mm hmm.
Serenna Beers: And do you have anything to add.
Serenna Beers: Doctor
Serenna Beers: Is it Hartford.
Serenna Beers: Over
Steve Holtsford: Right. Okay. Yes. No, I, I'm just excited. Sonia BECAUSE YOU YOU REALLY YOU LOOK chipper this morning.
Steve Holtsford: This afternoon, yeah.
Serenna Beers: Great smile.
Steve Holtsford: Yeah.
Galaxy A20: No, I do.
Steve Holtsford: I can tell. I can tell. And we you really just started. I mean, you've only taken the medication, a couple times. So, I, I'm really pleased and we're going to get through this.
Galaxy A20: Yeah.
Galaxy A20: I'm doing fan. Yeah.
Steve Holtsford: So, and, and you don't have very much medication. So I'm gonna make sure that the pharmacy has more meds for you because you probably only have a few more days worth. Okay.
Galaxy A20: Okay.
Steve Holtsford: So it'll
Galaxy A20: Be waiting pharmacy.
Galaxy A20: All right, anything you could give me the most dummy.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, so by the me
Steve Holtsford: Yes, yes. Oh,
Steve Holtsford: I'll have something for that too. Yep.
Galaxy A20: Okay, thank you. I really appreciate and, you know, I guess.
Galaxy A20: It's been a guest coming on. I let you know.
Serenna Beers: And
Serenna Beers: I'd like
Serenna Beers: To see you every single week if that's fine with with you.
Serenna Beers: This one. Okay, I just, I just want to check with you and work with with you and and you know their strength in numbers. So you have a team here.
Serenna Beers: Collaborating that wants to just help you get to a place where you're strong, strong enough not to need us will always be here, but for right right now. I mean, you have support that you get to lean on. And I think that that you that you should take advantage of that.
Galaxy A20: And yeah, the best
Galaxy A20: Is the best
Galaxy A20: I'm so glad I'm so gonna play this program own out in my really helped me
Galaxy A20: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: So what time works for you. Do you want to make our standing like every Thursday. It's a one o'clock.
Serenna Beers: Pacific Standard Time to okay are you Pacific Standard Time.
Serenna Beers: Oh, your central so what what what
Serenna Beers: What time is it there.
Galaxy A20: Is two o'clock here.
Serenna Beers: Okay, so then that would be 12 O'clock my time. So I need to do two o'clock Central Standard Time. Right.
Galaxy A20: Right, okay.
Serenna Beers: All right, I'm marking it down so I remember
Serenna Beers: 2pm CST and I'm going to get you on my schedule and you and I are just going to have a standing every week.
Serenna Beers: Appointment where you and I are going to check in. We're going to do some therapy on I'm going to work on you with
Serenna Beers: With with with some skills. If you're ever in a spot where you feel like your cravings are triggered or you want to use. I'm going to give you some we're going to, I'm going to help you to learn. I'm going to teach you some skills that are really going to help you. Okay.
Galaxy A20: Okay, there's no prob.
Serenna Beers: All right, perfect. I will let the clinic know to put you on my schedule as an ongoing 2pm on Thursday on
Serenna Beers: Thursdays Central Standard Time. Right.
Galaxy A20: Right.
Serenna Beers: All right, well then until next next next week. Unless, is she in a group with us, Doc.
Steve Holtsford: Actually she is the first
Serenna Beers: Patient
Steve Holtsford: And I
Steve Holtsford: And I'm the first Illinois doctor so so this is
Steve Holtsford: New for me and it's new for Sonia. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Well, it's new for me to this is only my life. I think six session as I'm building. So, this is awesome. So we'll all be new together.
Steve Holtsford: That's
Steve Holtsford: That's one right Sonia, Sonia. Did you get my text messages.
Galaxy A20: I probably have
Galaxy A20: I haven't
Galaxy A20: looked inside that to have been Texas.
Steve Holtsford: Okay. All right.
Steve Holtsford: All right, so
Galaxy A20: All right, just let me know when I can go get the medicine or whatever. Okay.
Steve Holtsford: Okay, I will text you and you text me back. How about that.
Okay.
Steve Holtsford: Okay.
Serenna Beers: All right. Thank you.
Serenna Beers: Okay, bye.
Steve Holtsford: Bye bye.
Serenna Beers: Are you there. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Yes. Ah.
Serenna Beers: I just want to give her a hug. God
Serenna Beers: It was hard to hold back tears.
Serenna Beers: I'm a big baby.
Steve Holtsford: He looks so much better though.
Steve Holtsford: Oh,
Serenna Beers: My gosh. It's heartbreaking her story. Oh my.
Serenna Beers: Gosh, I mean know
Serenna Beers: These are the kinds. I know you're not supposed to like, I know you can't wish them to do well. But of course, I mean,
Serenna Beers: As a therapist, and I would imagine as a doctor. I mean, that's, you're in this field, because you want to help.
Serenna Beers: Right.
Serenna Beers: So when you see somebody just really struggling and then you see them look different. And you see that there's hope. Oh my gosh, that's like a light, you know,
Steve Holtsford: Absolutely.
Steve Holtsford: Now, so I'm I'm hopeful, you know, she she's been on method on a few times but i and i think i think she's always done okay on it. But, you know, there's just so much instability that that she just
Steve Holtsford: You know, go into the clinic every day. It's just tough. It's tough for those methadone people when they're unstable. Yeah, so I
Steve Holtsford: I think this is going to be perfect. And if we can, if we can get her where she actually has her phone and responds to us and engages with us, I think, I think she'll we can turn things around and and hopefully get her husband on board to
Serenna Beers: That would be. Yeah, definitely. And I will make sure that I put a star by her name, and that you know I'm checking on her and the first time that she doesn't show I know to make an attempt myself to call
Serenna Beers: I have my cell phone number, but I can always block it.
Serenna Beers: But yeah, because she's so vulnerable right right now. And she's at that place where she's, she's really wants to do well. So we keep her on that side of it, versus wanting to to not do well. So yeah. Awesome. Well, thank you for meeting me on here and it's nice to put a name with a face.
Steve Holtsford: Yeah. Likewise, I'm looking forward to this, this, I think this is going to be a nice little
Steve Holtsford: You know, I'm a full time ER doc and do and do addiction on the side and and
Steve Holtsford: So this is going to be, I foresee this being great in terms of my schedule, you know, flexibility and so forth. I'm
Serenna Beers: Great.
Steve Holtsford: And then I think it's going to be key. I'm in the West suburbs of Chicago. But, you know, we've got areas throughout the state that really have no you know the color Matt deserts. There's, there are no buprenorphine providers and
Serenna Beers: Oh, wow.
Steve Holtsford: So we need to get to Southern Illinois Central Illinois.
Serenna Beers: I mean, it's
Serenna Beers: It can be a matter of life and death.
Serenna Beers: You know and I probably six, seven years ago, I was one of those clinicians that was like, well, if they're on medication, then they're not sober and it took
Serenna Beers: Me. It took me a few lessons and
Serenna Beers: But, but I finally about five years ago I came around
Serenna Beers: Like, and I understand it more. Now once I became educated
Steve Holtsford: And all that stuff so awesome.
Steve Holtsford: Exactly Harvard
Serenna Beers: Harm Reduction.
Serenna Beers: saves lives. So, yes.
Steve Holtsford: Abstinence is very difficult.
Serenna Beers: Yes. All right. We have a wonderful day a healthy. Alright.
Steve Holtsford: Well, thank you.
Serenna Beers: All right.
Serenna Beers: Okay. Bye bye.